the burden against tyre whale you ships
the burden against tyre whale you ships of tarshish for it is laid waste so that
of tarshish for it is laid waste so that
of tarshish for it is laid waste so that there is no house no harbour from the
there is no house no harbour from the
there is no house no harbour from the land of cypress it is revealed to them
land of cypress it is revealed to them
land of cypress it is revealed to them be still you inhabitants of the coast
be still you inhabitants of the coast
be still you inhabitants of the coast land you merchants of Sidon whom those
land you merchants of Sidon whom those
land you merchants of Sidon whom those who cross the sea have filled and on
who cross the sea have filled and on
who cross the sea have filled and on Great Waters the grain of Shahar the
Great Waters the grain of Shahar the
Great Waters the grain of Shahar the harvest of the river is her revenue and
harvest of the river is her revenue and
harvest of the river is her revenue and she is a marketplace for the nation's be
she is a marketplace for the nation's be
she is a marketplace for the nation's be ashamed o seitan for the sea has spoken
ashamed o seitan for the sea has spoken
ashamed o seitan for the sea has spoken the strength of the sea saying I do not
the strength of the sea saying I do not
the strength of the sea saying I do not labor nor bring forth children neither
labor nor bring forth children neither
labor nor bring forth children neither do i rear young men nor bring up virgins
do i rear young men nor bring up virgins
do i rear young men nor bring up virgins when the report reaches egypt they also
when the report reaches egypt they also
when the report reaches egypt they also will be in agony at the report of tyre
will be in agony at the report of tyre
will be in agony at the report of tyre cross over to Tarshish whale you
cross over to Tarshish whale you
cross over to Tarshish whale you inhabitants of the coast land is this
inhabitants of the coast land is this
inhabitants of the coast land is this your joyous city whose antiquity is from
your joyous city whose antiquity is from
your joyous city whose antiquity is from ancient days whose feet carried her far
ancient days whose feet carried her far
ancient days whose feet carried her far off to dwell who has taken this counsel
off to dwell who has taken this counsel
off to dwell who has taken this counsel against tyre the crowning city whose
against tyre the crowning city whose
against tyre the crowning city whose merchants our princess whose traders are
merchants our princess whose traders are
merchants our princess whose traders are the honourable of the earth the Lord of
the honourable of the earth the Lord of
the honourable of the earth the Lord of Hosts has purposed it to bring to
Hosts has purposed it to bring to
Hosts has purposed it to bring to dishonour the pride of all glory to
dishonour the pride of all glory to
dishonour the pride of all glory to bring into contempt all these honorable
bring into contempt all these honorable
bring into contempt all these honorable of the earth overflow through your land
of the earth overflow through your land
of the earth overflow through your land like the river Oh daughter of Tarshish
like the river Oh daughter of Tarshish
like the river Oh daughter of Tarshish there is no more strength he stretched
there is no more strength he stretched
there is no more strength he stretched out his hand over the sea he shook the
out his hand over the sea he shook the
out his hand over the sea he shook the kingdoms the Lord has given a
kingdoms the Lord has given a
kingdoms the Lord has given a commandment against Canaan to destroy
commandment against Canaan to destroy
commandment against Canaan to destroy its strongholds and he said you will
its strongholds and he said you will
its strongholds and he said you will rejoice no more oh you oppressed virgin
rejoice no more oh you oppressed virgin
rejoice no more oh you oppressed virgin author of sight arise cross over to
author of sight arise cross over to
author of sight arise cross over to Cyprus there also you will have no rest
Cyprus there also you will have no rest
Cyprus there also you will have no rest behold the land of the chaldeans this
behold the land of the chaldeans this
behold the land of the chaldeans this people which was not Assyria founded it
people which was not Assyria founded it
people which was not Assyria founded it for wild beasts of the desert they set
for wild beasts of the desert they set
for wild beasts of the desert they set up its towers they raised up its palaces
up its towers they raised up its palaces
up its towers they raised up its palaces and brought it to ruin wail you ships of
and brought it to ruin wail you ships of
and brought it to ruin wail you ships of tarshish for your strength is laid waste
tarshish for your strength is laid waste
tarshish for your strength is laid waste now it shall come to pass in that day
now it shall come to pass in that day
now it shall come to pass in that day that tyre will be forgotten seventy
that tyre will be forgotten seventy
that tyre will be forgotten seventy years according to the days of one king
years according to the days of one king
years according to the days of one king at the end of seventy years it will
at the end of seventy years it will
at the end of seventy years it will happen to tyre as in the song of the
happen to tyre as in the song of the
happen to tyre as in the song of the harlot take a harp go about the city
harlot take a harp go about the city
harlot take a harp go about the city you've forgotten harlot make sweet
you've forgotten harlot make sweet
you've forgotten harlot make sweet melody sing many songs that you may be
melody sing many songs that you may be
melody sing many songs that you may be remembered and it shall be at the end of
remembered and it shall be at the end of
remembered and it shall be at the end of seventy years that the Lord will deal
seventy years that the Lord will deal
seventy years that the Lord will deal with tyre she will return to her higher
with tyre she will return to her higher
with tyre she will return to her higher and commit fornication with all the
and commit fornication with all the
and commit fornication with all the kingdoms of the world on the face of the
kingdoms of the world on the face of the
kingdoms of the world on the face of the earth her gain and her pay will be set
earth her gain and her pay will be set
earth her gain and her pay will be set apart for the Lord it will not be
apart for the Lord it will not be
apart for the Lord it will not be treasured nor laid up for her gain will
treasured nor laid up for her gain will
treasured nor laid up for her gain will be for those who dwell before the Lord
be for those who dwell before the Lord
be for those who dwell before the Lord to eat sufficiently and for fine
to eat sufficiently and for fine
to eat sufficiently and for fine clothing